$Id$

HylaFAX, Version 4.1 (beta)
------------------------------

This note is basically just a placeholder.  The real documentation is
located online at the HylaFAX home page:

    http://www.hylafax.org/

The online documentation includes the full contents of the
documentation as well as an HOWTO, FAQ, archives of the HylaFAX mailing 
list, and associated modem-related documentation.  Preformatted
copies of this documentation and the reference manual pages are also
available by public FTP at ftp://ftp.hylafax.org/doc.

You will find a subset of the online documentation in the html
subdirectory.  Beware however that timely information is usually more
up to date online than in the materials in the html directory.
You can view the HTML documentation in place and/or configure it for
local installation through the configure script.


This note has the following sections:

    Installation Synopsis
    HylaFAX Mailing List and Where To Send Bugs
    Use and Copyright


Installation Synopsis
---------------------
Follow the directions in the online documentation.  The main material
on configuring, building, and installing the software is given in:

    http://www.hylafax.org/building.html

Server setup information is found at:

    http://www.hylafax.org/setup.html

The documentation is extensive and designed to be used when installing
the software.  There is also an FAQ that covers (or should cover)
common problems.

The basic procedure is:

    <unpack source code>
    % ./configure
    % make
    % su			# NB: must be root to setup software
    # make install
    # faxsetup

If this does not work and the problem is not clear, then you will
need to look at the documentation and/or the code.

There is documentation!  There is GOBS of documentation.  The HTML
materials present information needed to build+setup the software; the
manual pages act as a reference guide.  There are manual pages for all
the programs and for all the files and directories that you may be
curious about.  Of course there is also source code for everything, but
this should (hopefully) not be needed.  A useful introduction to the
client applications is given in hylafax-client(1).  If you want to learn how
the server and spooling system work, look first at hylafax-server(4F).
Remember however that the manual pages are for reference; the HTML
documentation is designed to be more introductory in nature and should
usually be consulted first when you're looking for general guidance.

The HylaFAX mailing lists (described below) are the place to send your
comments and problems.  For mailing list administration, see
http://lists.hylafax.org/cgi-bin/lsg2.cgi

Silicon Graphics has seen fit to allow me to give this work away.  It
is free.  There is no support or guarantee of any sort as to its
operations, correctness, or whatever.  If you do anything useful with
all or parts of it you need to honor the copyright notices.   I would
also be interested in knowing about it and, hopefully, be acknowledged.

Finally, note that this software is called ``HylaFAX'', not ``Hylafax'',
``hylafax'', and certainly not ``FlexFAX'' (the old name which someone
else has a copyright on).  If you want to refer to this software use
``HylaFAX (tm)'' and be sure to honor the Silicon Graphics trademark.

	Sam Leffler


HylaFAX Mailing List and Where To Send Bugs
---------------------------------------------------------------
A mailing list for users of this software is accessible through
hylafax.org.  If you want to join this mailing list or have a 
list-related request such as getting your name removed from it, see 

    http://lists.hylafax.org/cgi-bin/lsg2.cgi

You can also find information on subscribing to the mailing list at:

    http://www.hylafax.org/mailing-lists.html

Submissions to the mailing list (including bug reports) should be
directed to:

    hylafax-users@hylafax.org

Note that the mailing list has many people on it.  Please take this
into consideration when posting notes to it; i.e. avoid posting large
trace logs and the such.  Also, when corresponding about this software
please always specify:

- what version of HylaFAX you have,
- what system you're running on (if it is Linux please name the distribution),
  and,
- if the problem is modem-related, identify it and the firmware rev

For example: "HylaFAX v4.0pl2 under RedHat Linux 4.2 with gcc 2.7.2;
ZyXEL 1496E with 6.11a firmware."

Please submit a copy of your patches and bug reports at 
http://bugs.hylafax.org/bugzilla/

The mailing list is archived at : http://www.hylafax.org/archive/

If you find the hylafax-users mailing list to have too much traffic for
you, there is also an announcements-only mailing list called
hylafax-announce.  This can be subscribed to in the same manner as the
other lists at http://lists.hylafax.org/cgi-bin/lsg2.cgi  Note that there
is no need to subscribe to both mailing lists; postings to the
announcement list automatically fed to the hylafax-users list.


Use and Copyright
-----------------

Copyright (c) 1988-1996 Sam Leffler
Copyright (c) 1991-1996 Silicon Graphics, Inc.
HylaFAX is a trademark of Silicon Graphics

    Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and 
    its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided
    that (i) the above copyright notices and this permission notice appear in
    all copies of the software and related documentation, and (ii) the names of
    Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics may not be used in any advertising or
    publicity relating to the software without the specific, prior written
    permission of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
    EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY 
    WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  

    IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR
    ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND,
    OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
    WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF 
    LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE 
    OF THIS SOFTWARE.
